it's Saturday morning so instead of
watching this cartoon I had bring you
guys a pretty awesome deck profile so
today I'm showing off my Atlantean deck
on this a combination between Eagle fans
list and hims listed they gave me I've
been testing it non-stop like a crazy
man with my card changes so two
controllers start with three Undine it's
pretty standard use undying to drop your
Atlanteans as cost of fulfill the
requirements and use your Atlanteans to
search willing playing one arms men arms
been as garbage to hell okay so i can so
i get an additional normal summon guess
what seems really bad it just doesn't
work out in testing three marksman the
ability especially not a guy from dec so
it makes him absolutely amazing and then
see horseman he's a rota and he loves my
other guys to attack directly triple
diva pretty self-explanatory you know
you bring out your guys set up your good
combo blaze in the synchro double veil
you have to stop your opponent's big
plays so what better way than with
failure um to malin glace I don't know
he's a big boss monster he's dark armed
I mean he's easy to achieve but he's not
exactly easy to achieve for that makes
sense you'll have times where you just
can't deal with your opponent's big
threats unfortunately and then saying in
a triple tour guide you I was playing
the deck without tour guidance hanging
and then I started playing tour guide
and saying in and then the deck started
working and that makes sense to
Atlantean roar three just seems so bad
but 22 generates a lot of advantage
really fast one dark hole one heavy one
monster reborn mm st1 avarice and to do
ality brings us to the closing the
spells the two bottomless 3 Psalms
double tarantula playing this kind of
like an eighth i met a thing let me
explain the extra deck one catastor it's
for your diva place arm your arm same
thing diva place Black Rose it's a
little bit harder to achieve but you
know you need to be able to pull up
their field trionic a really really good
card pretty easy to achieve with control
gonder pay sending those cards from your
hand to the graveyard for activation
requirements it's pretty good and scrap
dragon it's the one level 8i play and
then go shielded on Sheila Don does a
lot of work it's a 3000 and you know you
need stuff like that at times and then
next up is you see here we have the
water stripe this time bahamut shark you
used to bring out Aero shark it's pretty
much the only thing or Leviathan I die
Augusto Phoenix double attacker got you
to sit on I'm playing gagaga gun man in
every decade play so I like reading my
opponent Callum levy Aaron Leviathan
pretty self-explanatory you kind of need
them err sharks and look like Muhammad
I'm kind of need it and then once it
means you don't go for that means as
much as you think you would in the stack
but yeah alright guys well that's my
Atlantean spinoff I mean you guys think
about the deck in the description down
below I know a lot of you are probably
going to be shaking your head at some of
my card choices but you know i think is
really really player preference open so
there's a lot of cool things you can do
with the deck so let me know you guys do
when you're lantee index i'm sure a lot
of your podcasting them and you know
drop me a message so i can hear you guys
have to say or leave a comment in the
description down below alright guys i'm
cool 48 take care guys and leave a
comment down below on the next step you
would like to see peace guys